Add a contribution guide (#3)
kyma-incubator/dex: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to dex fork

As the git workflow we are using in Kyma differs from the workflow in this repo, this readme contains instructions for some basic operations.

## To prepare a local repository:

```shell script

> # clone fork's repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Clone the fork repository
```

cd $GOPATH/src/github.com
mkdir dexidp
cd dexidp
git clone https://github.com/kyma-incubator/dex.git
cd dex

> # configure the repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configure the cloned repository
```

git remote add upstream https://github.com/dexidp/dex.git
git fetch upstream
git branch -u upstream/master
```

> ## To create a PR to the fork:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a pull request
```

> always check out from `kyma-master` branch

> > make sure to choose `kyma-incubator/dex` repository and `kyma-master` branch as the base for your PR

Reviewer: Replace these lines with: 

```
>**NOTE:** Always check out from the `kyma-master` branch. Chose the `kyma-incubator/dex` repository and the `kyma-master` branch as the base of your PR.
```

```shell script

> # fetch recent kyma-master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Fetch kyma-master
```

git checkout kyma-master
git pull origin kyma-master

> # create your branch with changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a branch for your changes
```

git checkout -b <your_branch_name>

> # ... commit changes ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Commit changes to your branch
```

> # push your branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Push your branch
```

git push origin <your_branch_name>

> # create a PR from the browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a PR through the GitHub UI
```

```

> ## To update kyma-master branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update the kyma-master branch
```

Update of `kyma-master` branch is mostly based on creating a PR to the fork. The change is that you should update the `master` branch before:

```shell script
# fetch changes from the original repository

git checkout master
git pull
```

Then in the place of `# ... commit changes ...` comment, you should merge the `master` to your branch. You have to resolve the conflicts if there are any.

```shell script
# merge changes from master to your branch

git merge master

> ```

Reviewer: This is a bit too complicated. There are basically two things to do to update the `kyma-master`, you don't really have to mention any other instructions here. Please work on this section.

> ### To update the remote master branch:

Reviewer: Make this a separate section instead of a sub-section.

> > you have to be able to push to `master` branch to complete this operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** You must have permissions to push to the `master` branch to complete this operation.
```
Which master branch? Kyma? Dex?

> If you prepared your local repository following the steps above, `git pull` command on `master` branch will fetch changes from the original repository to your local repository. To push it to remote repository simply type `git push origin master`.

Reviewer: Skip the "if" part, let's assume that the reader follows the workflow described in this doc. Focus just on the things to do.

> If you prepared your local repository following the steps above, `git pull` command on `master` branch will fetch changes from the original repository to your local repository. To push it to remote repository simply type `git push origin master`.

Reviewer: Additional comment - I think it's better to have steps as numbered lists instead of commented lines in code blocks.
